# zkmessage.xyz

> Create an account and post a message on zkmessage, a zkSNARK-powered anonymous message board.
> 
> - Explain why you need to generate and save a “secret” value.
> - Write out a plain-English explanation of what statement is being proven in ZK.
> - Log into the same zkmessage account, from a different browser or computer. Explain why zkmessage can’t just use a simple “username/password” system like most social apps.
>
> If you’re curious, we go much deeper into the construction of zkmessage here.

## Exercises

> Q: Explain why you need to generate and save a “secret” value.

Answer:

The "secret" is associated with the user's identity. We could publish the public key generated by this secret and relate this public key with a twitter account. Also any group signature contains us should be computed with this public key.

> Q: Write out a plain-English explanation of what statement is being proven in ZK.

Answer:

It proves that the post is authored by some user in a certain group.

> Q: Log into the same zkmessage account, from a different browser or computer. Explain why zkmessage can’t just use a simple “username/password” system like most social apps.

Answer:

With a "user/password" approach:

- If a user could post a message without authentication with their password, we can not verify the credibility of this message.
- If a user has to be authenticated with their password to post a message, then the source is traceable. It also restricts the system to be centralized since the server has to store account information with password hashed and salted, or otherwise we are at the risk of user sending their password to a malicious node.
